Session debug (#870)
vtex/toolbelt: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - [vtex link] Generate `linkID` and set the `VTEX_LINK_ID` header request to `builder-hub`
> - [vtex re-link] Set the `VTEX_LINK_ID` header request to `builder-hub`

Reviewer: I think one entry is ok:
```suggestion
- [vtex link] Generate `linkID` and set the `x-vtex-bh-link-id` header on link and relink requests to `builder-hub`.
```
